Add MSBuild Examples (#5025)
dotnet/samples: msbuild/Test.README.md

# How to test a MSBuild Custom Task

> A really important item when we create a MSBuild Custom Task, which is going to be distributed, is to ensure the correctness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A really important item when we create a MSBuild Custom Task, which is going to be distributed, is to ensure the correctness of the code.
```

The way to be confident about that is testing it.

> It is out of scope to talk about the benefits of doing tests and basic test tooling. Here some [basics about unit tests.](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/test/walkthrough-creating-and-running-unit-tests-for-managed-code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the benefits of doing tests and basic test tooling, see [basics about unit tests](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/test/walkthrough-creating-and-running-unit-tests-for-managed-code).
```

   appSettingStronglyTyped.BuildEngine = buildEngine.Object;
```

First, we create the ITaskItem parameter mock (using [Moq](https://github.com/Moq/moq4/wiki/Quickstart)), and point to the file to be parsed. Then, we create our _AppSettingStronglyTyped_ Custom Task with its parameters. Finally, we set the build engine to our MSBuild Custom Task.

At this point we need to do the action

```csharp
    //Act
    var success = appSettingStronglyTyped.Execute();
```

Last but not least, we need to assert the expected outcome from our test

```csharp
   //Assert
   Assert.IsTrue(success); // The execution was success
   Assert.AreEqual(errors.Count, 0); //Not error were found
   Assert.AreEqual($"MyCompletePropSetting.generated.cs", appSettingStronglyTyped.ClassNameFile); // The Task expected output
   Assert.AreEqual(true, File.Exists(appSettingStronglyTyped.ClassNameFile)); // The file was generated
   Assert.IsTrue(File.ReadLines(appSettingStronglyTyped.ClassNameFile).SequenceEqual(File.ReadLines(".\\Resources\\complete-prop-class.txt"))); // Assenting the file content
```

Following this pattern you should expand all the possibilities.

> :warning: When there are files generation we need to use different file name for each test to avoid collision. Remember to delete the generated files as test cleanup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: When there are files generated, we need to use different file name for each test to avoid collision. Remember to delete the generated files as test cleanup.
```
